SEO fixes for docs (#197)
JovianML/jovian-py: docs/user-guide/compare.md

## Comparing and Analyzing experiments

```eval_rst
.. meta::

>    :description: Compare and analyze different versions of Jupyter notebooks with Jovian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Compare and analyze different versions of ML experiments with Jovian.
```
